# pulsar-chatgptgenerated-functions

Functions Generated by ChatGPT for Apache Pulsar


#### Prompts

* Can you write me an Apache Pulsar function in Java to translate all text from Spanish to English?
* Can you write an Apache Pulsar function in Java that takes a byte array and converts to a JSON schema that also adds a new field that converts IP address to location?
* Can you write an Apache Pulsar function in Python that takes a JSON message and converts to a JSON message utilizing a JSON Schema and does a lookup against a Scylla database for one value?
* Can you write an Apache Pulsar function in Java that takes a JSON message and converts to a JSON message utilizing a JSON Schema, lookups up the current value of a stock symbole   and routes the results to a new Pulsar topic based on the name of the stock.
* Write a Pulsar function in java that looks up AQI data via zip code sent into the function as a String and outputs a full json record with a json schema.   Implement the REST AQI lookup.
* Can you write an Apache Pulsar function in Java that takes a JSON message and converts to a JSON message utilizing a JSON Schema and does a lookup against a Scylla database for one value?
* Can you write a Java Pulsar Function that handles Oracle CDC records?
* Can you write an Apache Pulsar Function in Java that does a word count on a string and returns a JSON record with a JSONSchema to a new pulsar topic.
* Can you write an Apache Pulsar function in Java that does a persistent sum of all the integers it receives?
* Can you write an Apache Pulsar function in Java that formats phone numbers?
